[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/biztalk-design-time-tools.md

  These schemas are available at \<*drive*\>:\Program Files\\Microsoft  BizTalk \<version\> Accelerator for RosettaNet\SDK\Schemas.

>   You can add more schemas by downloading PIPs from the RosettaNet Web site. For more information, see [Incorporating a New Partner Interface Process](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/incorporating-a-new-partner-interface-process.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can add more schemas by downloading PIPs from the [GS1 US RosettaNet Standards website](https://www.gs1us.org/resources/rosettanet). For more information, see [Incorporating a New Partner Interface Process](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/incorporating-a-new-partner-interface-process.md).
```

 You use the BizTalk Adapter Framework with end-point adapters to integrate with partners and applications.

## See Also

>  [Tools and Features of BizTalk Server and BTARN](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/tools-and-features-of-biztalk-server-and-btarn.md)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tools and Features of BizTalk Server and BTARN](../../adapters-and-accelerators/accelerator-rosettanet/tools-and-features-of-biztalk-server-and-btarn.md)  
```
